Add search to loadout popup (#7979)
DestinyItemManager/DIM: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Next

> When you have 10 or more loadouts, a search box will appear in the loadout dropdown allowing you to search loadouts in the same way you can on the Loadouts page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have 10 or more loadouts, a search box will appear in the Inventory page loadout dropdown, allowing you to search names just like on the Loadouts page.
```
